Update community.md (#4065)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/community.md

3. Any Fleet team member may merge a community PR after reviewing it and addressing any necessary
   changes. Before merging, double-check that the CI is passing, documentation is updated, and
   changes file is created. Please use your best judgement.
4. Thank and congratulate the contributor! Share with the team in the `#help-promote` channel

>    of Fleet Slack. Folks who contribute to Fleet andare recognized for their contributions 

Author: ```suggestion
   of Fleet Slack. Folks who contribute to Fleet and are recognized for their contributions 
```
